"Special" Room Features
Part of this project's specifications were to create special functions unique
to each type of room. I made all rooms unique, so that just means every room
has a special feature. Here's a short rundown of those features.

The kitchen (and the bedroom) are completely unnecessary to finish the game.
The bedroom’s special option is light switch toggling. Toggling the light 
switch doesn’t remove any options from the menu, but it prevents the player
from using any of them effectively besides "toggle" again.
(This includes checking inventory and reading the hint. Try it later.)
You can’t stumble around in the dark very well. The dirty socks you can pick
up in the room only exists so that you can create the fabled “sockmote” later
on, though you can also burn the sock (and the sockmote) on the stove if you
wish. That’s kind of a waste of a perfectly good dirty sock, but you’re in
charge here.

The kitchen’s special option was just mentioned a moment ago, with the stove
being turned on (and stuck on because of clumsy ghost dexterity) leading to an
open flame that you can use to burn things. Burning things accomplishes nothing,
but sometimes people want to burn things. The popcorn’s existence is only to be
an extra item that can overfill the inventory (to show that the limit works
properly if you actually grab everything). The proton pack is limited to two
items. You can see that I already have three items with the sock, remote, and
doggy biscuits. But the sock and remote combine to form the mythical sockmote,
so I needed a fourth item to be the third item that won’t fit in the inventory.
(This wasn’t necessary, but I wouldn’t want to keep the player from witnessing
the glory of the sockmote.)

The other yet-to-be-mentioned options are using the remote (or sockmote) with
the TV (turning it on) and playing with your roommate’s fish. The TV is like the
stove, in that once it’s turned on, it can’t be turned off. That well you see on
the screen has some magical power that prevent it from being turned off. (Well,
that or the player is just the kind of guy that leaves the TV on even when not
watching it.) The special option for the TV (after initially turning it on)
actually does nothing useful at all, even though it’s more complicated than some
of the other special options (in terms of conditionals and checking for
inventory items). It has different functions depending on whether you have the
remote in your bag (when it’s off), and after being turned on it just prints out
a fun little scene for you to read.

The living room actually has two "special" features, in dropping the doggy
biscuit and playing with the TV. We only have one special function though, so I
had to think about which special ability is more important. The doggy biscuit
drop is more important to the game’s goal, but the TV switch (and falling down
the well) is more interesting from a coding standpoint, so it got the nod here.
The doggy biscuit drop is simply handled in option() with a simple boolean flag
toggle, instead of being the premier "special" feature.

The roommate fish activity is a special "special" function in that doesn’t use
the “special_toggle” boolean I created. (Instead, I used the boolean flag to
mark the first visit status for scaring the roommate. I also reversed the flag,
with it being set to true at the start and false afterwards. It doesn’t matter
much, but it made sense to me from a story standpoint.) I wanted to create a
special function that wasn’t just a toggle of the room state, so I made the
fish pass out from fright, one at a time. The game keeps track, and tells you
when you have successfully made all the fish unconscious. It serves no purpose,
but it’s interactivity for the sake of interactivity. The fish count can be
increased with a preprocessor constant, if you really enjoy the activity and
want to poke at more fish. (If you set it higher than the timer, you can create
the story of a ghost and his futile journey to help all the fish get to sleep.)


Story Summary
I want to explain the background details of the story in full. Not everything
that’s going on is revealed to the player. While the game is really simple,
I'd like to reveal the entire story as I’ve imagined it. (I already mentioned
the special features of each room above, so I’ll skip that.)

The player is taking a shower, when he slips and hits his head. (This is clear
from the opening description.) He believes he stands back up immediately, but he
was actually out for a while without noticing. When he stands up, he’s a spirit.
He finds out after checking out his nude Bill Murray cosplay in the mirror.
Ghosts are unable to interact much with physical objects (yet they are still
bound by walls) and this is why he isn’t able to open the door initially.
He thinks he’s gripping the doorknob, but he can’t actually do anything to the
doorknob. The player is only able to interact with things afterwards because
the electrical gloves he picked up serve as a medium between the spiritual and
physical realms. (He "throws open the bathroom door" only after putting the
gloves on.) His replica proton pack is kind of like that as well. Some
Ghostbusters magic. Then he wanders around his house as a ghost, doing ghostly
things. The player mostly acts as if he were still alive (it’s not like he’s
used to being a ghost), but he’s all invisible (so he appears to be a floating
pair of gloves and proton pack). The game’s timer starts after the player’s
roommate is spooked and runs out of the house. The player’s roommate, being well
aware of the proper authorities, wisely chose to call the Ghostbusters after
getting a safe distance away from their home. The timer counts down 20 actions
(this even includes invalid inputs, because invalid inputs indicate the player
hesitating and wasting time) before Bill Murray busts in to bust the player.
The first warning (in the faint music) occurs after five ticks of the timer
because it takes some time for the Ghostbusters van to get close enough to
be noticeable.

The Ghostbusters, being authority figures, move around in a vehicle that has a
siren. The siren appropriately plays the Ghostbusters theme, to announce their
presence to the commonfolk as well as strike fear into the heartless voids of
ghosts that understand English. 

The player’s bedroom, though not described in too much detail, consists
primarily of piles of dirty clothing and Ghostbusters’ theme song memorabilia.
That is, he has memorabilia related to the song and Ray Parker Jr. rather than
memorabilia from the film. His infatuation with Bill Murray and props from the
movie are primarily so that he can recreate the music video for the theme song.
Incidentally, Bill Murray doesn’t actually wear his electrical gloves in the
music video, but the player seems to have forgotten that in his excitement over
being slapped in the face by a free pair of electrical gloves.

The man outside walking his dog in the player’s backyard is just a confused man.
He’s not trying to break in or anything. The man that threw the electrical
gloves through the bathroom window is a different man. The glove-throwing man is
actually situated towards the front of the house. He is unfazed by the roommate
running out of the house past him, because like Bill Murray and Ray Parker Jr.,
that man ain’t  afraid of no ghosts. He’s just a man enjoying a stroll around
the neighborhood that really didn’t like the player’s singing voice.

The player and his roommate had a dog in the past, but the dog died about ten
years ago (the player and his roommate are not young men). They’ve been living
together a long time. His roommate picked up a habit of eating doggy biscuits
with the dog (he feels really attuned to the animals), and he kept the habit
after the dog died. The roommate’s disposition towards animals is also reflected
in him having a “fidge bowl” in his room. (I could have added more animals to
drive the point home, but that didn’t seem necessary.) The roommate might also
eat fish food with his fish like he ate doggy biscuits with their dog, but that
is not clear to the player (or me). The player is not as attuned to animals,
though he does miss their deceased dog.

The player is also not very interested in cinema compared to his roommate,
as mentioned in the flavor text for the living room. But for some reason,
the player’s roommate is not as interested in Ghostbusters as the player.
(He doesn’t even notice the floating proton pack while running out of the house
screaming.) Admittedly, the player enjoys the song more than the film.
The player is unaware of what his roommate was watching the previous night,
with the fuzzy well on the TV that looks like it’s from a VHS tape.
It’s possible that the video seen on the TV contributed to his roommate’s
jumpiness and fear of ghosts that day.

A week earlier, the player’s roommate accidentally (the player doesn’t truly
believe it was an accident, which is why he is thinking about the microwave in
particular when in the kitchen) destroyed their microwave by heating up some
food that had a small fork inside. The player doesn’t really understand how to
cook, and is lost without the microwave. This can be seen from his attempts to
cook food by placing it directly over an open flame.

That's all the backstory for enjoying the game, 
though it's of little consequence during the actual game.
